---
title: \[Windows\] Building A Blog with Github & jekyll
date: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +/-TTTT
categories: [ETC., how_to_build_a_personal_blog]
tags: [Github, Github_Action, jekyll, Ruby]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

## I build my blog!
Finally, successfully build my own blog with Github and jekyll.
After finishing this steps, I realized again that searching for and following the official post is the best and the first thing that I should keep in mind.
It took about 3 hours to build basic environment settings with Ruby and jekyll chirpy theme.
If I had followed the official post rather than following the post written 2 years age, I would have rather finished this a lot faster.

Anyway, I'm glad that I finally accomplished this by myself.

These are some issues that I encountered while building this blog.

## ridk command doesn't work in VScode powershell

The command below didn't work in VScode powershell. 
```
ridk version
```

I tried to solve this problem with ChatGPT but Googling gave me the answer.

This problem was derived from window powershell execution policy.
Therefore, it was necessary to change this option by following these steps

1. Run the Powershell as administrator
2. Check your status by this command: `get-ExecutionPolicy`
3. If the status is not `RemoteSigned`, such as `Restricted` or something, you need to change it by: `Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned`

Then you can use the command that didn't work properly in VScode powershell.

## A problem with nokogiri

```
An error occurred while installing nokogiri (1.18.9), and Bundler cannot
continue.
```
- While executing `bundle install`, I faced this error.
- I just deleted Ruby completely at Windows Control Panel.
- If deletion doesn't work, check environment path and delete a path which contains 'Ruby' together.

## Although I changed _config.yml, my page doesn't change
- It was not a problem with Github Action
- It takes time to update some changes, even if Github Action deployment is completed


These are top 3 problems that remain strongly in my mind.
This blog is for tracking my TIL(Today I learned), especially for LLM.
I'm going to summarize some landmark papers first.